Change 'theme' to 'type' #18 (#40)
jackbsteinberg/std-toast: README.md

- [Global attributes](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#global-attributes)
- `open`: a boolean attribute, determining whether the toast is visible or not (according to the default styles).
By default toasts are not shown.

> - `type`: category of toast, conveying the semantic priority of the toast, and influencing its styling (both default and user-provided). This will correspond closely with certain [WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/aria-in-html/#aria-roles) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `type`: category of toast, conveying the semantic priority of the toast, and influencing its styling (both default and user-provided). This will correspond closely with certain [WAI-ARIA roles](https://w3c.github.io/using-aria/#aria-roles) 
```

Always link to Editor's Drafts, not /TR documents, as Editor's Drafts are more recently updated.

Author: Noted

> - `type`: one of `"default"`, ???, or ???, conveying the semantic priority of the toast, and influencing its styling (both default and user-provided). This will correspond closely with certain [WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/aria-in-html/#aria-roles) 

Author: ```suggestion
- `type`: category of toast, conveying the semantic priority of the toast, and influencing its styling (both default and user-provided). This will correspond closely with certain [WAI-ARIA roles](https://www.w3.org/TR/aria-in-html/#aria-roles) 
```

- `display: none`: this will keep the toast hidden from view and searching
when the `open` attribute is not present.

> #### `std-toast([open])`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `std-toast[open]`
```

Looks like you didn't rebase on my typo fix from last night.

Author: My bad, I must have missed it
